We'll come back in this video.
I would like to talk to you about something that you might have noticed yourself and that is the naming
of methods.
So in this case we are importing or using cute widgets or cute pie.
And the problem with qued pie is at least when it comes to naming is that they are using different conventions
because cube pie or cute is based on C++ and in C++ Pascal and Kemel case are used and in Python.
On the other hand SNY case and Pascal case is used.
So sneakers for variable names.
Any case for method names as we have here calculate on a square BMI and Pasko case for class names for
everything else.
Well we never use camel case in Python at least that's not the convention.
How you should do it.
Now we have this little problem that and now we have this mixture of two styles we have on one hand
the qued style which uses camel case quite a lot as you can see here where we have resoled label that
hide then the part that's something that I call myself.
But we have a set window title here or we have q main window or we have set text.
Here there are some examples set text is also an example for camel case and all of those are methods
that come from C++ and Python didn't change their names or were just calling the same method.
So we don't go and change every single method of it.
So if you create an application you would only use cute has a additional module or as an additional
API then it makes sense to follow its naming conventions.
So in that case it wouldn't make sense to go ahead and call this method here.
Calculate B.
Am I like this.
OK.
But as you go ahead and use multiple Moyal so that they would add the C S V module or other python modules.
Then we go back to the sneak case because in those modules everything is using sneakers and Pascola
case.
So then we can just say okay we are just going to take a hit we're going to ignore the naming of more
than naming convention Kemel in case of our cute and we're just going to say it's fine but the rest
of the application should all be that Python naming convention style.
So that's pretty much something that I just wanted to show you or talk to you about real quick.
So you don't get confused about the different naming conventions that we're using here and you don't
feel like OK now we're throwing everything on board and it doesn't really matter because it actually
does matter at least when you work with others it really makes sense that things are named in a certain
way such as your methods your functions your variables and those kind of things are named correctly.
OK.
So that was just something that I wanted to talk to you about real quick.
Ant Yeah just so you know and you know how do you handle this now.
And I'd say let's check out the next video.
So see you there.